RHCLOUD-34195 Updates to Ansible logo (#312)
patternfly/react-component-groups: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/component-groups/examples/Ansible/Ansible.md

```js file="./AnsibleUnsupportedExample.tsx"

```

### Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform 

> To specify the Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform, add the `RHAAPIcon` property to the `<Ansible>` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display the Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform icon variant, add the `RHAAPIcon` property to the `<Ansible>` component.
```
